.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug_report.md, before:

---
name: Bug report
about: Create a report to help us address broken functionality

---

**Describe the bug**
A clear and concise description of what the bug is.

**Steps to reproduce**
Any special steps that are required for the bug to appear.

**Screenshots**
If applicable, add screenshots to help explain your problem. If the issue is related to video glitching or poor quality, please include screenshots.

**Affected games**
List the games you've tried that exhibit the issue. To see if the issue is game-specific, try streaming Steam Big Picture with Moonlight and see if the issue persists there.

**Moonlight settings (please complete the following information)**
- Have any settings been adjusted from defaults?
- If so, which settings have been changed?
- Does the problem still occur after reverting settings back to default?

**Client PC details (please complete the following information)**
 - OS: [e.g. Windows 10 1803]
 - Moonlight Version: [e.g. v0.2.0]

**Server PC details (please complete the following information)**
 - OS: [e.g. Windows 10 1803]
 - GeForce Experience version: [e.g. 3.16.0.140]
 - Nvidia GPU driver: [e.g. 417.35]

**Moonlight Logs (please attach)**
- On Windows, `Moonlight-###.log` files can be found in `%TEMP%`. Simply type that into the File Explorer path field to navigate there.
- On macOS, `Moonlight-###.log` files can be found in `/tmp`. In Finder, press Cmd+Shift+G, then type `/tmp` to navigate there.
- On Linux, logs print to the terminal when running via `flatpak run com.moonlight_stream.Moonlight`

**Additional context**
Anything else you think may be relevant to the issue

Commit message:

Update bug report template for Snap package

.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug_report.md, after:

---
name: Bug report
about: Create a report to help us address broken functionality

---

**Describe the bug**
A clear and concise description of what the bug is.

**Steps to reproduce**
Any special steps that are required for the bug to appear.

**Screenshots**
If applicable, add screenshots to help explain your problem. If the issue is related to video glitching or poor quality, please include screenshots.

**Affected games**
List the games you've tried that exhibit the issue. To see if the issue is game-specific, try streaming Steam Big Picture with Moonlight and see if the issue persists there.

**Moonlight settings (please complete the following information)**
- Have any settings been adjusted from defaults?
- If so, which settings have been changed?
- Does the problem still occur after reverting settings back to default?

**Client PC details (please complete the following information)**
 - OS: [e.g. Windows 10 1809]
 - Moonlight Version: [e.g. v0.9.0]

**Server PC details (please complete the following information)**
 - OS: [e.g. Windows 10 1809]
 - GeForce Experience version: [e.g. 3.16.0.140]
 - Nvidia GPU driver: [e.g. 417.35]

**Moonlight Logs (please attach)**
- On Windows, `Moonlight-###.log` files can be found in `%TEMP%`. Simply type that into the File Explorer path field to navigate there.
- On macOS, `Moonlight-###.log` files can be found in `/tmp`. In Finder, press Cmd+Shift+G, then type `/tmp` to navigate there.
- On Linux with the Flatpak, logs print to the terminal when running with the command: `flatpak run com.moonlight_stream.Moonlight`
- On Linux with the Snap, logs print to the terminal when running with the command: `moonlight`

**Additional context**
Anything else you think may be relevant to the issue
